# 1.0
SELECT * 
FROM log_in_attempts 
WHERE login_date > '2022-05-09';

# Task 2. Retrieve logins in a date range
In this task, you need to narrow the focus of the search. Login attempts made after 2022-05-11 shouldn't be included. Use the BETWEEN and AND operators to return results between '2022-05-09' and '2022-05-11'.

Run the query to retrieve the required records. You must insert the required dates X and Y:

SELECT * 
FROM log_in_attempts 
WHERE login_date BETWEEN '2022-05-09' AND '2022-05-11';


# Task 3. Investigate logins at certain times
In this task, you need to investigate logins that were made at certain times. To do this, filter the data in the log_in_attempts table by login time (login_time).

First, your organization's typical work hours begin at 07:00:00. Retrieve all login attempts made before 07:00:00 to learn more about the users who are logging in outside of typical hours.

## Write a SQL query to retrieve data for login attempts made before '07:00:00'.
Note: Place time data in single quotation marks.

The query in the previous step returned more results than required.

Modify the query to return logins between '06:00:00' and '07:00:00'.

SELECT * 
FROM log_in_attempts 
WHERE login_time BETWEEN '06:00:00' AND '07:00:00';


# task 5
Investigate logins by event ID
In this task, you need to investigate login attempts based on event ID numbers. With this query, you want to return only the event_id, username, and login_date fields from the log_in_attempts table.

Note: The event_id column contains numeric data; do not place numeric data in quotation marks.
Write a query to return login attempts with event_id greater than or equal to 100.

SELECT event_id, username, login_date
FROM log_in_attempts
WHERE event_id >= 100;

